c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\bin\Debug\Panorama.exe
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\bin\Debug\Panorama.pdb
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\bin\Debug\Panorama.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\Panorama.exe
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\Panorama.pdb
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\andré\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Panorama\Panorama\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
